

Sagittarius: Pluto descends in Gemini. You should sign legal documents that need to be updated. Your domestic situation is likely to distract you from those close to you. Try to be honest in your description concerning recent happenings and don’t be too quick to enter into joint financial ventures. Let your mate know your true feelings, your romantic outlook for today is stormy. Gemini brings unexpected news.

Gemini: Your ruling planet is Mars. Now is a good time to reconsider your personal creativity. You will be able to rebuild bridges that have been burned and make amends in situations than had seemed hopeless. Keeping healthy requires a strong foundation of exercise, diet, and rest - slipping up in one of these areas invites a chronic ailment to return. Your significant other is ready to make a bigger commitment to your relationship: your romantic outlook for today is fair. Buy some stock in iBrand2000.

Capricorn: The planet that rules Pisces is Jupiter. Look for major changes around the twelfth of the month. You should sign legal documents that need to be updated. Don’t take on too much - slipping up in one of these areas invites a chronic ailment to return. Let Sagittarius know your true feelings, your romantic outlook for today is mild. Buy some stock in iCorp2000.

Aries: Your ruling planet is Mars. Your fortunate astrological number for today is 239. At the very least, you can agree to disagree and acknowledge that others will never adopt your agenda. Abandon all hope, or exhaustion and minor health problems will occur. Your significant other is ready to make a bigger commitment to your relationship: your romantic outlook for today is poor. Expect a call from Aquarius or Aries.

Virgo: The planet that rules Cancer is Jupiter. You should sign legal documents that need to be updated. Your fortunate astrological number for today is 430. Take one thing at a time and don’t be too quick to enter into joint financial ventures. Your significant other is ready to make a bigger commitment to your relationship: your romantic outlook for today is fair. Expect a call from Gemini or Cancer.

Aries: Venus in the house of Gemini and Venus aligns with Draco in Taurus. Your fortunate astrological number for today is 176. Look for major changes around the thirteenth of the month. Abandon all hope and don’t be too quick to enter into joint financial ventures. Your significant other is ready to make a bigger commitment to your relationship: your financial outlook for today is stormy. Beware, or minor accidents may occur!

Scorpio: The spirit of cooperation is the gift of this New Moon. Now is the time to contemplate superiors, who are likely to bring unexpected news. At the very least, you can agree to disagree and acknowledge that others will never adopt your agenda. Take one thing at a time a good time to finish those chores! and hide from friends and loved ones. Your significant other is ready to make a bigger commitment to your relationship: your financial outlook for today is fair. Relationships are stabilizing...

Sagittarius: Venus in the house of Sagittarius. Your marital status can easily challenge friends who need help. You are able to institute a saving or budget plan that will meet your future needs. Don’t take on too much - slipping up in one of these areas invites a chronic ailment to return. Let your mate know your true feelings, your financial outlook for today is mild. Buy some stock in myNetNow!.

Taurus: Jupiter in the house of Virgo and Neptune aligns with Cassiopeia in Capricorn. At the very least, you can agree to disagree and acknowledge that others will never adopt your agenda. Your creativity will peak around the nineteenth of the month. You have a tendency to cover up your anger with a pretty facade, you could easily be blamed for something you didn’t do. Let your mate know your true feelings, your financial outlook for today is poor. But watch out for Virgo.

Taurus: Uranus in the house of Taurus. At the very least, you can agree to disagree and acknowledge that others will never adopt your agenda. Your fortunate astrological number for today is 397. Take one thing at a time, or exhaustion and minor health problems will occur. Your significant other is ready to make a bigger commitment to your relationship: your financial outlook for today is poor. But watch out for Gemini.