

Vanderpool & Vanderpool’s Carbolic Marrow Tonic. An Invaluable Specific for the cure of habitual costiveness, stomach-ache, general debility, ague, quinsy, habitual costiveness, piles, Bright’s Disease, general debility, and quinsy. Also for habitual costiveness.

Sinclair’s Carbolic-Curative. Has been found of Value in the Treatment of general debility, sallow complexion, croup, blood disorders, croup, vapors, felons, piles, cholic, and malaria. Stanley & Davenport, Chemists.

Polk’s Safe Bile Medicine. A Positive Remedy for rheumatism, torpid liver, torpid liver, torpid liver, torpid liver, shingles, salt rheum, general costiveness, Foster’s Disease, and Davenport’s Disease. Also for piles.

Ask for Walters’s Real Potamum. No other Medicament in existence of equal power and mildness for subduing the pain and inflammation due to sallow complexion, ague, felons, piles, running-sores, shingles, sallow complexion, and salt rheum. Prepared and Sold by Markham & Sons.

Ryan’s Oriental Vegetable Curative. The Ladies’ Cure for catarrh, salt rheum, cholic, habitual debility, biliousness, Harrison’s Disease, general stomach troubles, habitual debility, sallow complexion, and consumption. Prepared and Sold by Dupont & Sons.

Try Acheson’s Magnetic Physic. An Old-Fashioned Preparation for all manner of piles, piles, catarrh, general costiveness, quinsy, shingles, catarrh, consumption, piles, cholic, vapors, and felons. Endorsed by the Best Physicians.

Ask for A. Forbes’s Carbolic Liver Curative. An Old-Fashioned Preparation for all manner of Bushnell’s Disease, consumption, sallow complexion, vapors, running-sores, torpid liver, quinsy, torpid liver, milk-leg sores, and milk-leg sores. From P. Foster, Druggist.

Mills’s Safe Cure. No other Curative in existence of equal power and mildness for subduing the pain and inflammation due to MacArthur’s Disease, blood disorders, running-sores, torpid liver, torpid liver, piles, stomach-ache, and Davenport’s Disease. Purely Vegetable, Safe, Time Tested.

Insist upon R. Ryan’s Oriental-Medicine. An Invaluable Specific for the cure of stomach-ache, chronic stomach troubles, malaria, chronic costiveness, dyspepsia, Fisher’s Disease, Johns’s Disease, blood disorders, running-sores, and cholic. Prepared and Sold by Price & Sons, Sinclair Street.

Polk’s Oriental Sea-Weed Nostrum. An Invaluable Specific for the cure of quinsy, blood disorders, salt rheum, milk-leg sores, cholic, ague, croup, blood disorders, piles, and biliousness. Prepared and Sold by Polk & Sons.